The first step is to configure the DNS entries with your domain registrar.
You need to log into your domain registrar and create two entries for your site, your need, and a
record at that points to your server's IP address.
You also need to create a C named record w w w that points to your domain name once you've performed
this step.
You can use the initials lookup command to check if the changes you have made have been enabled.
Log into your server, type its lookup followed by your domain name.
Check the second section, name back web dev your domain name address.
That is my server IP address.
Brayshaw Ibaraki w w w dot check the second section w w w dot mech web dev dot com conical name equiped
dot com address.
That is my server IP address.
So my domain name is already pointing to my server using my browser if I open my site.
Welcome to Ingenix.